oh you philosophical undertoads I know
what you're thinking what would you get
if you through Robert Zemeckis and Ayn
Rand into a room you told them to work
together and write a story and you got
telltale games to translate that into
the third episode of an episodic video
game you'd get back to the future the
game episode three citizen brown and
also man you come up with some pretty
strange questions it's like it's like
Biff shrugged the third episode of
Telltale's fantastic mind-blowing
Derrick freakin loves this Back to the
Future the game Citizen Brown takes
Marty McFly to perhaps the most
interesting places visited yet hill
valley in the mid 80s well obviously
that sounds like a pretty familiar place
- back to the future fans but believe me
you've never seen hill valley quite like
this now if you've been living behind a
billboard for the lion estates and you
missed the first two episodes Back to
the Future the game is a terrific
outstanding superlative point-and-click
adventure game based on the wildly
popular Back to the Future movies the
first of which happens to be one of my
all-time favorite movies this is
information some of you already has and
by far the best thing about this game is
the way it plays with that very fan hood
telltale has done a remarkable job of
crafting a story that's packed with
situations that spin your expectations
like a license plate twirling on flaming
pavement the things you know by heart
from the movies and even prior episodes
of the series are changed to do directly
to the things you've done in the game
it's crazy it's like Marty watching
himself watch his dad punched Biff
Tannen in the face while another Marty
watches in the distance I mean this is I
can't I can't even tell you how happy I
am right now the story is very well done
and it's all about the fan service this
time around Marty's familiar present is
a pretty unfamiliar place after rescuing
his crazy mad scientist friend Doc Brown
from a 1931 imprisonment in the first
episode he discovers their actions have
seriously altered future events or or
are they present events I don't even
know I freaking love back to the future
somebody fire up a flux capacitor on
this third episode Marty's friend is now
a delusional dictator his girlfriend is
now a punk-rock vagrant and his mom is
back to the bottle talk about a full
plate for one Martin Seamus McFly now
telltale has progressively taken more
and more liberties with the Back to the
Future characters as the episodes have
continued but in episode three they've
perhaps gone further than ever by this
point they've really made Back to the
Future that game their own and the best
thing about that is that it works and
let's be honest I mean this stuff's no
more of a stretch than Cowboys and Clint
Eastwood and fortunately those narrative
twists are founded in the same great
point and click adventure stew episode
so functionally enjoyable as well
walking the streets or I guess even the
history of Hill Valley is a very
engaging experience its fate relies on
you this time and you're the one making
the necessary adjustments to the
space-time continuum and I mean if
you're a Back to the Future fan you
really couldn't ask for much more
putting my subjective gushing aside here
this isn't just a fantastic
point-and-click adventure it's also a
stunningly well-done continuation of the
Back to the Future saga and this episode
is perhaps more ambitious than any of
the prior ones but it still packed with
fan service and never feels too much
like a stretch and
most importantly it's just an awesome
video game it's Back to the Future the
game episode 3 and if you haven't
already bought this I mean come on hello
hello anybody home thing undertoads
think it's impossible
no it's science your science test